Feature/dx 1618 checkout v3 mm (#1259)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/mac-payer-reference.md

| {% icon check %} | └─➔&nbsp;`lastName`                    | `string`     | The last name of the payer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`email`                   | `string`     | The e-mail address of the payer. Increases the chance for [frictionless 3-D Secure 2 flow][3d-secure-2].                                         |
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`msisdn`                  | `string`     | The mobile phone number of the payer. The mobile number must have a country code prefix and be 8 to 15 digits in length. The field is related to [3d-secure-2][3d-secure-2].            |

> |                  | └─➔&nbsp;`payerReference`                     | `string`     | A reference used in MAC and Payments integrations to recognize the payer in the absence of SSN and/or a secure login.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`payerReference`                     | `string`     | A reference used in Merchant Authenticated Consumer and Payments integrations to recognize the payer in the absence of SSN and/or a secure login.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
